the canucks preseason special rough you
in part by tell us pick and win make
your picks each game at cox com well i'm
in charge of developing young talent and
you know most of my time is going to be
spent with with the prospect level but
you know i do try to offer insight to to
all the players here and whether it be
guys like Steve Bernier or kind of
Lowood or whoever you know what it's
going to take for them to be the best
hockey players they could be eventually
so what whatever their goals are so you
know but primarily you know this summer
I did a lot of work with cody hodgson
and yon sauve and you know a lot of our
younger prospects and just analyzing
what what what they what they need to do
to get better so we want to provide them
with every every tool we can in order to
make them the best hockey players they
can be from the sports psychology side
of things to their physical training on
a daily basis to to their nutrition and
we just we just don't want to leave
things to chance we want to make sure
that these young men are given every
opportunity to fulfill their that you
know their potential and you know and
hopefully accelerate the process as well
so we can get them in a Vancouver
Canucks uniform earlier so they're
producing for this organization and
helping make this team a winning team
earlier earlier than than later so
that's that's what I see my role is
I just love the game and are you from
the start my brother got me into it
originally and you know kept me playing
ball hockey every day after school and
on weekends and really give me someone
to compete against when I was younger
for for everything so you know I just
always loved the game and love the way
that you know idolized all the players
going up Stevie Iseman and Mark Messier
Wayne Gretzky Mario knew you I really
looked up to those guys that's always
been in my life when I get the ring I
know what I have to do is tape tape my
sticks and do what I need to do to get
ready I pretty much the same set routine
for every game that I play I go to bed
around the same time night before
prepared a night before get to the rink
or heat around the same get up morning
on the same time eat kind of the same
type of meals around the same time
really going my routine that way getting
around hockey my whole life I know my
family is a really hockey and grain
family we get four kids and we all play
hockey my dad played hockey my mom is a
hockey mom it's really a hockey green
culture like I said to my house he
played many sticks all time we were
younger and had kids over Matt Duchene
playing in our basement and stuff like
that everything we did center on hockey
it's been this center of my life my
whole life and now coming here I just I
see this great opportunity and hopefully
a hug contains be my life
I think competition is the best aspects
of sports brings out the best in people
sometimes a worse as well but I try to
focus on the positives of it I think
it's a competition really it allows you
to be who you are something like that
you really learn people are we competing
instant with them well I thing is just I
was always on the other side of it you
know always asking for the autographs of
the guys when i was around growing up
and I just see that you know a lot of
put the time and the effort to come come
sign my autographs and tie to only
actually threw me a pokémon games a
great memories from you know all leaf
guys and all people that have been
around so just kind of giving back with
the giving the usual
I difficulty boy
take a real quick obviously the big part
of the game is it's really a business
now at this level but I think he
listened to the best players and when
they talk at guys like Sidney Crosby
they still love the game one thing wayne
gretzky oh is that was to really love
the game no that's how you put up with
so much stuff and you just you really
love the game they can do anything but
just wine Cody Hodgson came swooping in
on the back